#  S/4 HANA Product Masterdata RAG application

This sample CAP application uses the CAP LLM Plugin to simplify the process of accessing HANA Vector/Embedding features, connectivity to AI Core and automate the entire RAG retrieval flow. It demonstrates a RAG scenario where users can ask any questions regarding products data from S/4HANA and the application displays the relevant products based on the user query and the description generated by the LLM.

## Pre-requisites:

- Save the files sent via email for the hands-on exercise.

- Import Destination for Generative AI Hub.

1. Login to the SAP BTP cockpit.

2. Navigate to the "Connectivity" section.

3. Click on the "Destinations" tab.

4. Click on "Import Destination" button and select the file "gen-ai-hub" (saved by you in the previous step.)

5. Update the "Client ID" and "Client Secret" values and click on "Save" button to save the destination.


## Clone repo and install dependencies

- Login to SAP BTP cockpit and click on "SAP Business Application Studio" and create a workspace.
- Open the workspace.
- Clone this repo.
- Replace the ".cdsrc.json" file content with the content in the ".cdsrc.json" file that you have saved from email.
- Connect to subaccount with HANA Cloud instance and authenticate to cf:      
` cf api <subaccount-endpoint>`    
` cf login`   

- Install node modules using `npm i`

## Deploy on SAP BTP:

- Build the application by running the below command.
```
npm run build
```

- Deploy the application by running the below command.
```
npm run deploy
```

- Once the application is deployed, the application URL is displayed. Note down the applciation URL.
## How to use the application:

- Open the applciation URL

- Upload the "s4-products.csv" file. This file contains the product masterdata from S/4 HANA.

- Use the chat based UI to query the products.

- Sample queries
1. Nutritional food for cats
 

